c:\users\e81204\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BISInventory\BISInventory.UnitTests\bin\Debug\BISInventory.UnitTests.dll
c:\users\e81204\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BISInventory\BISInventory.UnitTests\bin\Debug\BISInventory.UnitTests.pdb
c:\users\e81204\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BISInventory\BISInventory.UnitTests\bin\Debug\BISInventory.WebUI.dll
c:\users\e81204\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BISInventory\BISInventory.UnitTests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\e81204\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BISInventory\BISInventory.UnitTests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Web.Mvc.FixedDisplayModes.dll
c:\users\e81204\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BISInventory\BISInventory.UnitTests\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\e81204\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BISInventory\BISInventory.UnitTests\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
c:\users\e81204\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BISInventory\BISInventory.UnitTests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\e81204\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BISInventory\BISInventory.UnitTests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.dll
c:\users\e81204\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BISInventory\BISInventory.UnitTests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
c:\users\e81204\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BISInventory\BISInventory.UnitTests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\e81204\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BISInventory\BISInventory.UnitTests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\e81204\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BISInventory\BISInventory.UnitTests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\e81204\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BISInventory\BISInventory.UnitTests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\e81204\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BISInventory\BISInventory.UnitTests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Optimization.dll
c:\users\e81204\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BISInventory\BISInventory.UnitTests\bin\Debug\BISInventory.WebUI.pdb
c:\users\e81204\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BISInventory\BISInventory.UnitTests\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\e81204\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BISInventory\BISInventory.UnitTests\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
c:\users\e81204\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BISInventory\BISInventory.UnitTests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\e81204\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BISInventory\BISInventory.UnitTests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.xml
c:\users\e81204\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BISInventory\BISInventory.UnitTests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
c:\users\e81204\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BISInventory\BISInventory.UnitTests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\e81204\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BISInventory\BISInventory.UnitTests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\e81204\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BISInventory\BISInventory.UnitTests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\e81204\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BISInventory\BISInventory.UnitTests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\e81204\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BISInventory\BISInventory.UnitTests\obj\Debug\BISInventory.UnitTests.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\e81204\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BISInventory\BISInventory.UnitTests\obj\Debug\BISInventory.UnitTests.dll
c:\users\e81204\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BISInventory\BISInventory.UnitTests\obj\Debug\BISInventory.UnitTests.pdb
c:\users\e81204\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BISInventory\BISInventory.UnitTests\bin\Debug\BISInventory.UnitTests.dll.config
c:\users\e81204\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BISInventory\BISInventory.UnitTests\bin\Debug\BISInventory.Domain.dll
c:\users\e81204\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BISInventory\BISInventory.UnitTests\bin\Debug\Moq.dll
c:\users\e81204\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BISInventory\BISInventory.UnitTests\bin\Debug\Ninject.dll
c:\users\e81204\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BISInventory\BISInventory.UnitTests\bin\Debug\BISInventory.Domain.pdb
c:\users\e81204\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BISInventory\BISInventory.UnitTests\bin\Debug\Moq.xml
c:\users\e81204\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BISInventory\BISInventory.UnitTests\bin\Debug\Ninject.pdb
c:\users\e81204\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BISInventory\BISInventory.UnitTests\bin\Debug\Ninject.xml
C:\Users\Beast\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\BISInventory\BISInventory.UnitTests\bin\Debug\BISInventory.UnitTests.dll.config
C:\Users\Beast\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\BISInventory\BISInventory.UnitTests\bin\Debug\BISInventory.UnitTests.dll
C:\Users\Beast\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\BISInventory\BISInventory.UnitTests\bin\Debug\BISInventory.UnitTests.pdb
C:\Users\Beast\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\BISInventory\BISInventory.UnitTests\bin\Debug\BISInventory.Domain.dll
C:\Users\Beast\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\BISInventory\BISInventory.UnitTests\bin\Debug\BISInventory.WebUI.dll
C:\Users\Beast\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\BISInventory\BISInventory.UnitTests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
C:\Users\Beast\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\BISInventory\BISInventory.UnitTests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Web.Mvc.FixedDisplayModes.dll
C:\Users\Beast\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\BISInventory\BISInventory.UnitTests\bin\Debug\Moq.dll
C:\Users\Beast\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\BISInventory\BISInventory.UnitTests\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\Beast\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\BISInventory\BISInventory.UnitTests\bin\Debug\Ninject.dll
C:\Users\Beast\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\BISInventory\BISInventory.UnitTests\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
C:\Users\Beast\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\BISInventory\BISInventory.UnitTests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Helpers.dll
C:\Users\Beast\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\BISInventory\BISInventory.UnitTests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.dll
C:\Users\Beast\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\BISInventory\BISInventory.UnitTests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
C:\Users\Beast\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\BISInventory\BISInventory.UnitTests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Razor.dll
C:\Users\Beast\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\BISInventory\BISInventory.UnitTests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
C:\Users\Beast\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\BISInventory\BISInventory.UnitTests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.dll
C:\Users\Beast\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\BISInventory\BISInventory.UnitTests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
C:\Users\Beast\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\BISInventory\BISInventory.UnitTests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Optimization.dll
C:\Users\Beast\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\BISInventory\BISInventory.UnitTests\bin\Debug\BISInventory.Domain.pdb
C:\Users\Beast\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\BISInventory\BISInventory.UnitTests\bin\Debug\BISInventory.WebUI.pdb
C:\Users\Beast\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\BISInventory\BISInventory.UnitTests\bin\Debug\Moq.xml
C:\Users\Beast\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\BISInventory\BISInventory.UnitTests\bin\Debug\Ninject.pdb
C:\Users\Beast\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\BISInventory\BISInventory.UnitTests\bin\Debug\Ninject.xml
C:\Users\Beast\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\BISInventory\BISInventory.UnitTests\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\Beast\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\BISInventory\BISInventory.UnitTests\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
C:\Users\Beast\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\BISInventory\BISInventory.UnitTests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Helpers.xml
C:\Users\Beast\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\BISInventory\BISInventory.UnitTests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.xml
C:\Users\Beast\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\BISInventory\BISInventory.UnitTests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
C:\Users\Beast\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\BISInventory\BISInventory.UnitTests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Razor.xml
C:\Users\Beast\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\BISInventory\BISInventory.UnitTests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.xml
C:\Users\Beast\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\BISInventory\BISInventory.UnitTests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
C:\Users\Beast\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\BISInventory\BISInventory.UnitTests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
C:\Users\Beast\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\BISInventory\BISInventory.UnitTests\obj\Debug\BISInventory.UnitTests.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Beast\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\BISInventory\BISInventory.UnitTests\obj\Debug\BISInventory.UnitTests.dll
C:\Users\Beast\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\BISInventory\BISInventory.UnitTests\obj\Debug\BISInventory.UnitTests.pdb
C:\Users\Beast\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\BISInventory\BISInventory.UnitTests\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\Beast\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\BISInventory\BISInventory.UnitTests\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
